{\rtf1\ansi \deff9\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq0 Univers (WN);}{\f41\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 CG Times (WN);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1 \b\f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 heading 1;}{\s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1 
\f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\fi-245\li360\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon2\snext4 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f9\fs18\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s17\li360\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext18 Jli;}{
\s19\li120\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f3\fs16 \snext19 Ex;}{\s20\li120\sb160\sl-2\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext29 Sa1;}{\s21\fi-240\li360\sl-240\slmult1\tx360 \f9\fs20 \snext22 Lb1;}{\s22\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx360 
\f9\fs20 \snext22 Lb2;}{\s23\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext22 Lp1;}{\s24\fi-1800\li1920\sb120\sa40\sl-2\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1920 \b\f9\fs20 \snext25 Th;}{
\s25\fi-1800\li1920\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx1920 \f9\fs20 \snext25 Tp;}{\s26\li120\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext0 Normal 2;}{\s27\li120\sb120\sa120 \f9\fs20 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s28\li120\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext29 Sa2;}{
\s29\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext29 Jl;}{\s30\li120\sa60 \f40\fs20 \snext30 *body;}{\s31\li120\sa60 \b\f40\fs20 \snext31 *heading;}{\s32\li120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1 \f40\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext32 para;}{\s33\fi-280\li400\sa60 \f40\fs20 
\sbasedon30\snext33 jump;}{\s34\fi-280\li400\sa60\tx400 \f40\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext34 list bullet;}{\s35\fi-280\li600\sa60 \f40\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext35 jump indent;}{\s36\li120\sa60\sl-40\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\f40\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext36 table rule;}{\s37\fi-280\li400\sa60\tqr\tx280\tx400 \f40\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext37 list number;}{\s38\li120\sb100\sa60 \b\f40\fs20 \sbasedon31\snext33 see also;}{\s39\li400\sa60 \f40\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext39 para indent;}{
\s40\fi-1800\li1920\tx1920 \b\f40\fs20 \sbasedon31\snext36 table head;}{\s41\fi-1800\li1920\sa60\tx1920 \f40\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext41 table text;}{\s42\li120\sb120\sa60 \f40\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext35 see also 2;}{
\s43\li120\sa60\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext43 code;}{\s44\sl-120\slmult1 \f41\fs20 \snext32 *spacing;}{\s45\sl-120\slmult1 \f41\fs20 \sbasedon44\snext45 s6;}{\s46\qj\li360 \f4 \sbasedon0\snext46 Help Text;}{
\s47\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext25 Th2;}{\s48\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon24\snext25 
Th3;}{\s49\li115\sb200\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{\s50\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext51 Thh;}{
\s51\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx1915 \f7\fs20\lang1024 \sbasedon0\snext51 Tph;}{\s52\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext52 endnote text;}{\*\cs53 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\author TRIO}
{\creatim\yr1992\mo6\dy24\hr16\min51}{\version1}{\edmins4}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\endnotes\aendnotes\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\hyphcaps0 \fet1\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \keepn \f9\fs20 {\cs53\super ${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s52\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs53\super $} Contents}} {\cs53\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s52\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {
\cs53\super #} Contents}} {\cs53\super K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s52\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs53\super K} Contents}} \{bmc minihelp.bmp\} {\b\f5\fs32 MINIHELP: Simple Help Example Application
\par }\pard \li120 {\f5 
\par }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\f5 include MINIHELP.DOC}}{\fldrslt {\f5 MINIHELP is a sample application that illustrates what could be considered a 'mimimum' implementation of help in a Windows application.
\par 
\par While it would be possible to write an application that was far more minimum than MINIHELP, such an application would not implement some of the features of a Windows application that many users would consider 'standard'.
\par 
\par The features that MINIHELP implements:
\par 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f5 Custom Icon
\par Standard Menu Bar
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li2040 {\f5 Standard Help Menu
\par Full WinHelp Support
\par Keyboard Accelerator Usage
\par Version Control Information
\par Full Win16, Win32s, Win32, and Windows 95 Common Source Code
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\f5 \page }{\b\f5 Feature:}{\f5  \tab Custom Icon
\par }{\b\f5 Description:}{\f5  \tab While this might appear to be a trivial and obvious feature, it is suprising how many sample applicaitons fail to implement this.
\par }{\b\f5 Files used to implement Feature:}{\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\b\f5 MINIHElP.ICO}{\f5  : This contains the bitmap representation of the icon. It was created with the icon editor application that comes with the SDK.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5 MINHELP.RC}{\f5  : This file defines all of the resources used by the application, including the ICON resource type that will allow the custom icon to be loaded.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5 MINIHELP.C}{\f5  : Loads the ICON resource, and assigns it to the }{\i\f5 hIcon}{\f5  element of the }{\i\f5 WNDCLASS}{\f5  structure that is passed into the }{\i\f5 RegisterClass}{\f5  call.
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 \page Feature:}{\f5  \tab An 'About...' Box With Custom Icon And Font Style
\par }{\b\f5 Description:}{\f5  \tab Many sample applications simply use a call to 'MessageBox' to put up their 'About' box (i
f they even bother to do so at all). This application goes a little further by not only creating an actual dialog box, but by also taking the few extra steps that make the dialog look better, and contain useful information.
\par }{\b\f5 Files used to implement Feature:}{\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\f5 GENERIC.DLG
\par MINIHELP.RC
\par ABOUT.C
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\f5 
\par 
\par }{\b\f5 \page Feature:}{\f5  \tab Standard Menu Bar
\par }{\b\f5 Description:}{\f5  \tab The book "The Windows Interface: An Application Design Guide", presents a recommended standard menu bar configuration. As closely as appropriate, this application follows the presented layout.
\par }{\b\f5 Files used to implement Feature:}{\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\f5 SAMPLE.RC
\par GENERIC.C
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\b\f5 \page Feature:}{\f5  \tab Standard Help Menu
\par }{\b\f5 Description:}{\f5  \tab 
\par }{\b\f5 Files used to implement Feature:}{\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 \page Feature:}{\f5  \tab Full WinHelp Support
\par }{\b\f5 Description:}{\f5  \tab 
\par }{\b\f5 Files used to implement Feature:}{\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 \page Feature:}{\f5  \tab Keyboard Accelerator Usage
\par }{\b\f5 Description:}{\f5  \tab 
\par }{\b\f5 Files used to implement Feature:}{\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 \page Feature:}{\f5  \tab Version Control Information
\par }{\b\f5 Description:}{\f5  \tab 
\par }{\b\f5 Files used to implement Feature:}{\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 \page Feature:}{\f5  \tab Full Win16, Win32s, Win32 Common Source Code
\par }{\b\f5 Description:}{\f5  \tab 
\par }{\b\f5 Files used to implement Feature:}{\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\f5 
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 }}\pard\plain \fi-1320\li1440 \f9\fs20 {\f5 
\par }\pard \li120 {\f5 \page This is a sample WinHelp source document. To easily modify this document to customize it for use in your application perform the following steps:
\par 
\par (Assuming you are using Windows Word other document editors could be used, but you are on your own for doing the appropriate conversions)
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-504\li624 {\f5 1.\tab Open up this document.
\par }\pard \li120 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-504\li624 {\f5 2.\tab Turn on the 'View | Field Codes' option from the menu bar.
\par }\pard \li120 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-504\li624 {\f5 3.\tab Either remove, or appropriately alter the "\{bmc minihelp.bmp\}" field on the first line. Do not make any modifications to the "$ # K" that preceeds it.
\par }\pard \li120 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-504\li624 {\f5 4.\tab Create a new document and enter into it all of the information you are wanting to have in the WinHelp file. Avoid 'hard' pagebreaks (<ctrl-enter>), and 'fancy' formatting.
\par }\pard \li120 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-504\li624 {\f5 5.\tab Change the "\{include SAMPLE.DOC\}" field to point to your new document
\par }\pard \li120 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-504\li624 {\f5 6.\tab 
Hilite the entire 'include' field that you just altered, and hit F9 (this will grab the information out of your document). If you run into problems with this step, simply delete the entire 'include' field, and copy/paste in the document you had created.

\par }\pard \li120 {\f5 
\par }\pard \fi-504\li624 {\f5 7.\tab Save this document out, but make sure that you save it out as an RTF file, and not a DOC file. The Help Compiler reads the RTF format for building WinHelp files.
\par }\pard \fi-1320\li1440 {\f5 \page 
\par }}
