{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\fdecor ZapfDingbats;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\keepn 
\b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Title;}{\s3\li720 \lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 Body;}{\s4\fi-1526\li2246\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext4 List;}{\s5 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon3\snext5 JumpBody;}{\s6\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 
\b\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 PopUpTitle;}{\s7\li180 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext7 PopUpBody;}{\s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 \sbasedon4\snext8 GlossaryEntry;}}{\info{\author Robert B. Hess}{\creatim\yr1991\mo11\dy23\hr18\min1}
{\version1}{\edmins443}{\nofpages20}{\nofwords1840}{\nofchars10488}{\vern16504}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 {\*\template C:\\WINAPPS\\WINWORD\\WHAT30.DOT}\sectd \linex0 \pard\plain \s2\keepn 
\b\f2\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Contents}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Contents}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents}} \{bmc fontview.shg\}Contents
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1526\li2246\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 {\ul Using FontView}{\v FontViewUsage}
\par {\ul General Typographical Information}{\v TypographicalInfo}
\par {\ul Windows Font Usage}{\v WindowsFonts}
\par {\uldb Glossary}{\v Glossary} 
\par {\uldb Index}{\v Index}
\par \pard\plain \s6\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} FontView Usage}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} FontViewUsage}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Usage}} Using FontView
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1526\li2246\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 {\uldb Overview}{\v Overview}
\par {\uldb Menu Commands}{\v MenuBar}
\par {\uldb Button Bar}{\v ButtonBar}
\par {\uldb Status Bar}{\v StatusBar}
\par {\uldb Keyboard Commands}{\v Keyboard}
\par {\uldb The Display}{\v Display}
\par {\uldb Tutorial}{\v Tutorial}
\par {\uldb Demo}{\v Demo}
\par \pard\plain \s6\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Typographical Information}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 TypographicalInfo}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} General Typographical Information}} General Typographical Information
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1526\li2246\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 {\uldb What is a Font?}{\v WhatIsAFont}
\par {\uldb Computerized Typography}{\v Typography}
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} What Is A Font}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} WhatIsAFont}} 
{\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} What Is A Font}} What Is A Font?
\par \pard\plain \s3\li720 \lang1033 A font is a set of characters, each of which has common design characteristics and size. Examples of common design characteristics are {\i weight}, {\i size}, type of {\i serif}, {\i stress}, {\i color}, {\i shape}, {\i 
x-height} and {\i style}. The size of a font is measured in {\i points}, which are almost exactly 1/72 of an inch. Point size originally measured the vertical length of the {\i lead slug}
 that supported characters in printing shops. Point size only loosely refers to the size of the characters.
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Computerized Typography}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 Typography}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Computerized Typography}} Computerized Typography
\par \pard\plain \s3\li720 \lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Windows Fonts Usage}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} WindowsFonts}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Windows Font Usage}} Windows Font{\ul  }Usage
\par \pard\plain \fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Overview of FontView}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Overview}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Overview}} Overview of FontView 
\par \pard\plain \s3\li720 \lang1033 
FontView is an application that was written to assist developers better understand how fonts work in Windows, and to see how to correctly select the proper font in their application. This version of FontView is a preliminary version that is only performin
g the most rudimentary of operations. It is also not yet taking full advantage of the new TrueType fonts that are being included in Windows.
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Menu Bar}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MenuBar}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Menu Bar}} Menu Bar 
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1620\li2340\sb120\tx2160\tx2340 \lang1033 {\uldb File Menu}{\v FileMenu}\tab -\tab Allows the user to perform whatever file operations are allowed in this application.{\v FileMenu}
\par {\uldb Edit Menu}{\v EditMenu}\tab -\tab Allows the user to perform Cut, Copy, Paste, and related operations.
\par {\uldb View Menu}{\v ViewMenu}\tab -\tab Allows the user to control the visual layout{\v ViewMenu}
\par {\uldb Metrics Menu}{\v MetricsMenu}\tab -\tab Allows the user to view, and change various metrics that determine which font will be chosen{\v MetricsMenu}
\par {\uldb Help Menu}{\v HelpMenu}\tab -\tab Brings up various types of assistance for this program{\v HelpMenu}
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} File Menu}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} FileMenu}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} File Menu}} The File Menu 
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1350\li2070\sb120\tx1890\tx2070 \lang1033 New\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Open\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Close\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Save\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Save As...\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Print\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Print Setup\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Exit\tab -\tab Use this to quit FontView
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Menu}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} EditMenu}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Edit Menu}} The Edit Menu 
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1080\li1800\sb120\tx1620\tx1800 \lang1033 Undo\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Cut\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Copy\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Paste\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Delete\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Find\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par Replace\tab -\tab {\i This menu item is not currently implemented}
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} View Menu}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ViewMenu}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} View Menu}} The View Menu
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1800\li2520\sb120\tx2340\tx2520 \lang1033 Character Set\tab -\tab This will display all available characters in the currently selected font.
\par \pard \s4\fi-1800\li4320\tx2340\tx2520 (see {\uldb Character Set Mode}{\v CharacterSetMode})
\par \pard \s4\fi-1800\li2520\sb120\tx2340\tx2520 Glyph Metrics\tab -\tab 
This will display a single character of the currently selected font. The character will be 'expanded' to fill as much of the display area that is available, without altering the aspect ratio. 
\par \pard \s4\fi-1800\li4320\tx2340\tx2520 (see {\uldb GlyphMode}{\v GlyphMode})
\par \pard \s4\fi-1800\li2520\sb120\tx2340\tx2520 {\ul ButtonBar}{\v ButtonBar}\tab -\tab This is the control bar that is display at the top of the display window. It contains controls that allow you to alter the paramters that will be used to select a font

\par {\ul StatusBar}{\v StatusBar}\tab -\tab This is the small display region at the bottom of the window, it contains a field for displaying messages, and menu descripttion strings, and the current time.
\par \pard\plain \fi-1620\li2340\tx2160\tx2340 \fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Metrics Menu}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MetricsMenu}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Metrics Menu}} The Metrics Menu
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-2160\li2880\sb120\tx2700\tx2880 \lang1033 CreateFont\tab -\tab 
This menu option will bring up a dialog box that will allow you to see what values are being used to select the current font via a call to CreateFont. You can also modify any of the values being used.
\par TextMetrics\tab -\tab This will display the {\i TEXTMETRIC} data structure for the current font. If you close the dialog with the 'Select' button, then all appropriate values will be copied into the current CreateFont structure.
\par EnumFonts\tab -\tab This will display a dialog that will allow you to browse through all of the fonts that are currently installed on the system. You will be able to see the {\i TEXTMETRIC} and {\i LOGFONT}
 structures for each font, as well as a display sample. If you close the dialog with the 'Select' button, then all appropriate values from the currently displayed font w
ill be copied into the CreateFont structure that controls the font that is currently being selected in the main window.
\par OutlineTextMetrics\tab -\tab When completed, this will bring up a dialog that will let you see the {\i OutlineGlyphMetrics} for the currently displayed font.
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Help Menu}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} HelpMenu}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Help Menu}} The Help Menu
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1526\li2246\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Contents
\par Index
\par Overview
\par Glossary
\par Tutorial
\par Demo
\par Help On Help
\par About
\par \pard\plain \fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Button Bar}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ButtonBar}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Button Bar}} Button Bar
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1526\li2246\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 CreateFont
\par \pard \s4\fi-1526\li2876\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 Parameter Selection ComboBox
\par Parameter Value ComboBox
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Status Bar}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} StatusBar}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Status Bar}} Status Bar
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-1526\li2246\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Menu Description Field
\par Time Field
\par \pard\plain \fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Keyboard Commands}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Keyboard}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Keyboard Commands}} Keyboard Commands
\par \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Display}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Display}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Display}}
 The Display
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi4\li720\sb120 \lang1033 The FontV
iew window displays fonts in two different ways, it can either display all of the characters, in the size selected, or it can display individual characters, in a 'zoom' mode so that you can see the individual pels of that chosen glyph, along with guidelin
es that indicate how the fonts metrics relate to this particular character.
\par \pard \s4\fi4\li1440\sb120 {\uldb Character Set Mode}{\v CharacterSetMode}
\par \pard \s4\fi-1526\li2966\sb120\tx2070\tx2250 {\uldb Glyph Mode}{\v GlyphMode}
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Character Set Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 CharacterSetMode}}{\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Character Set Mode}} Character Set Mode
\par \pard\plain \s4\li1440\sb120 \lang1033 \{bmc screen1.shg\}
\par In this mode, all of the defined characters will be displayed. The range of characters that will be displayed is determined by the {\i 'tmFirstChar'} and {\i 'tmLastChar'} values of the {\i TEXTMETRIC}
 data structure. The characters will be displayed left-to-right in ascending order.
\par From this display, if you double click on a particular character, the display will be shifted to {\uldb Glyph Mode}{\v GlyphMode} using that particular character. This allows you to quickly and easily zoom in on a particular character.
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Glyph Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlyphMode}} {\plain 
\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Glyph Mode}} Glyph Mode
\par \pard\plain \s4\li1440\sb120 \lang1033 \{bmc screen2.shg\}
\par In this mode, the user can look at individual characters of the chosen font. The characters are presented within a {\i Bounding Box} that indicates the width of the character, and the height of the font. The {\i baseline}
 is drawn through the bounding box, and any {\i External Leading} is indicated by a line drawn from the top center of the bounding box upwards. A future version of this application will also take into account {\i ABC Widths }
(if supported by this font), and display the starting and ending location for this character by an 'X' drawn on the baseline to indicate the {\i Advance Width} of this character.
\par To switch from this display mode to Character Set Mode, you need to pick the 'Character Set' item from the {\ul View}{\v ViewMenu} menu. 
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Glossary}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Glossary}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Glossary}} Glossary
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 A}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 ABC Width
\par Advance Width
\par Ascender
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 B}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Bounding Box
\par Bow
\par Button Bar
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 C}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Cap Height
\par Clothoid Curves
\par Counter
\par Crossbar
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 D}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Descender
\par Diagonal
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 E}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Ear
\par em square
\par External Leading
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 FGHIJKL}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Hairline
\par Lead Slug
\par Link
\par LOGFONT
\par Loop
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 MNO}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 OUTLINETEXTMETRIC
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 P}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Panose
\par {\ul Point}{\v GlossPoint}
\par {\ul Point Size}{\v GlossPointSize}
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 QRS}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Sans Serif
\par Serif
\par Shoulder
\par Side bearing
\par Size
\par Spline
\par Spur
\par Status Bar
\par Stem
\par Stress
\par Style
\par Swash
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 T}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Tail
\par Terminal
\par TEXTMETRIC
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 UVW}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 Weight
\par \pard\plain \s6\qc\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 {\cf6 XYZ}{\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-1526\li2246\tx2070\tx2250 \lang1033 x-height
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Index}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Index}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Index}} Index
\par \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Tutorial}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Tutorial}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Tutorial}}
 Tutorial
\par \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Demo}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Demo}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Demo}} Demo
\par \page {\plain \b\f2\lang1033 (Misc. Popups)}{\plain \b\f2\lang1033 
\par }{\plain \b\f2\lang1033 \column }{\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Screen1Display}} Screen1Display
\par \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ScreenToolBar}} ScreenToolBar
\par \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ScreenCombo1}} ScreenCombo1
\par \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ScreenCombo2}} ScreenCombo2
\par \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ScreenStatus}} ScreenStatus{\plain \b\f2\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s6 \b\f2\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ScreenStatus1}} {\fs28 ScreenStatus1}{\fs28 
\par }\page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ScreenStatus2}} {\fs28 ScreenStatus2}{\fs28 
\par }\pard \s6\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \page (Glossary Definitions)\page ABC Width
\par \page Advance Width
\par \page Bounding Box
\par \page Button Bar
\par \page External Leading
\par \page em Square
\par \pard \s6 {\plain \fs20\lang1033 When a character is drawn, you can envision it as being drawn into a 'square', within which the entire character will fit. If this square is enlarged so that any }{\plain \fs20\lang1033 
given character of the font will fit within it, then this is the 'em square'. The width and height of the em square are supposedly equal. Often, the 'resolution' of the em square is specified as a particular value. This refers to the number of  'units' th
}{\plain \fs20\lang1033 
at the square is divided into. This can either be the pixel resolution of the font as it is drawn on the screen, or if it refers to the logical definition (program) of the font, then it describes the granularity required to accurately create the font. Oft
}{\plain \fs20\lang1033 en}{\plain \fs20\lang1033 , this is 1000.}\page Lead Slug
\par \pard \s6\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \page LOGFONT
\par \page OUTLINETEXTMETRIC
\par \page ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Point} #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossPoint} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Point} Point
\par \pard\plain \s7\li180 \fs20\lang1033 
For most computer usages, a 'point' is agreed to be exactly 1/72 of an inch, but actually it is 1/72.08246 of an inch. This is known as a 'Pica Point'. Europe and Brazil however use the 'Ditot Point', which is 1/69.54103 of an inch. 
\par The term 'Point' dates back to the days of the first moveable lead typesetting. It was the sliver of metal spacing that was used to raise and lower, as well as seperate characters on a line.
\par \pard\plain \s6\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Point Size}} {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossPointSize}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Point Size}} Point Size
\par \pard\plain \s7\li180 \fs20\lang1033 
Point Size is used to refer to the size of a particular font. If a font is said to be a '12 Point Font', this means that this font was most likely designed to be printed with a 12 point measurement from baseline to baseline. This does not mean you should 
assume that an 'H' in one 12 point font has the same height as an 'H' in another 12 point font. It is up to the typographer who designed the font to specify the point size. T
he point size can be considered an 'artistic' measurement, because it rarely is specifically determined by actual measurements of specific features of a font.
\par \pard\plain \s6\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf2 \b\f2\lang1033 \page Sans Serif
\par \page Serif
\par \page Size
\par \page Status Bar
\par \page Style
\par \page TEXTMETRIC
\par \page Weight\tab 
\par \pard\plain \fs20\lang1033 \page 
\par }