{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Helvetica};}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\nowidctlpar 
\b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\nowidctlpar \b\f4 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\nowidctlpar \f4\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\nowidctlpar \b\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20\ul 
\sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\nowidctlpar \i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\nowidctlpar \i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720\nowidctlpar \i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Normal Indent;}{
\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext19 j;}{\s20\li480\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 ij;}{\s21\sb80\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 btb;}{
\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctcb;}{\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120\nowidctlpar \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext24 TT;}{\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext25 crtj;}{\s26\fi-240\li480\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 Hf;}{\s29\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\nowidctlpar\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 c;}{\s32\li2160\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext33 it;}{\s34\li480\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 nsct;}{\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext36 HC2;}{\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\nowidctlpar\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext39 crt;}{
\s40\li480\sb20\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f7 
\sbasedon3\snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx1915 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 Tph;}{
\s47\li115\sb120\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\author David Broman}{\operator joemag}{\creatim\yr1993\mo11\dy4\hr18\min38}{\revtim\yr1995\mo12\dy15\hr11\min18}{\version1}
{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49221}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_GENERAL}} {\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} General Information}} {\cs15\fs16\up6 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} General Information}} DAOTable--General Information
\par \pard\plain \nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 
\par The DAOTable sample demonstrates using the MFC DAO classes to create common database objects:  Databases, Tables, Queries, Fields, and Indexes.  This dialog-based application maps the properties of these objects to controls the user can set and/or view.  
The program source code is organized so that most database interaction is isolated from the user interface code to ease finding examples of how to use MFC DAO.
\par 
\par In addition to demonstrating the use of the MFC DAO classes, this sampl
e can be a useful tool for creating simple Access databases. You can create MDB files from scratch, create and delete tables and queries, add and delete fields and indexes in the tables, and modify existing queries.
\par 
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar {\b MFC DAO and Its Use of Exceptions
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar One thing you will notice if you run this sample as a debug build with tracing enabled is that the sample throws numerous first chance exceptions.  In reality, what you are seeing is MFC DAO\rquote 
s way of handling error conditions.  For many MFC DAO methods, as docu
mented in the VC++ 4.0 on-line documentation, no return value is provided to indicate success or failure, rather an exception is thrown if an error occurs.  DAOTable handles those exceptions either by simply displaying the error message provided by the ex
ception mechanism or by using the exception to gather information (e.g. exception processing is used to determine if an object already exists in a given collection).  For more information, please see the documentation listed below.
\par 
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar {\b More Information}
\par \pard \nowidctlpar For more information about the MFC DAO classes, refer to the on-line help for Visual C++ 4.0.  For additional documentation on DAO, refer to the help files in the DAO SDK which is provided on the VC++ 4.0 CD-ROM.
\par 
\par \pard \sa120\nowidctlpar {\b Files in project}
\par \pard \nowidctlpar Except for those files that are common to all MFC projects, all files that make up DAOTable are listed below with the type of components they contain and a brief description of their contents.
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\nowidctlpar \b\f4 {\b0\fs20 
\par }Project Files:
\par \pard\plain \s17\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 
\par \pard \s17\li720\nowidctlpar DATABASE.CPP             - MFC DAO - database specific functions
\par DATABASE.H                   (also demonstrates C++ exception handling)
\par FIELD.CPP                      - MFC DAO - field specific functions
\par FIELD.H
\par INDEX.CPP                     - MFC DAO - index specific functions
\par INDEX.H
\par QUERYDEF.CPP             - MFC DAO - querydef specific functions
\par QUERYDEF.H
\par TABLEDEF.CPP              - MFC DAO - tabledef specific functions
\par TABLEDEF.H
\par ADDQYDLG.CPP            - USER INTERFACE - query definition dialog
\par ADDQYDLG.H
\par DAOTABLE.CPP             - APPLICATION - main application objects
\par DAOTABLE.H
\par DAOTDLG.CPP\tab               - USER INTERFACE - main dialog
\par DAOTDLG.H
\par ADDIXDLG.CPP              - USER INTERFACE - add indexes dialog
\par ADDIXDLG.H
\par ADDTBDLG.CPP             - USER INTERFACE - table definition dialog
\par ADDTBDLG.H
\par LISTCTRL.CPP                - USER INTERFACE - derived CListCtrl class
\par LISTCTRL.H
\par ADDDBDLG.CPP             - USER INTERFACE - database definition dialog
\par ADDDBDLG.H
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul \page {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_DAOTABLE_DIALOG}}{\fs16  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} Main Dialog
}}{\fs16  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Main Dialog}}DAOTable Main Dialog
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 {\ul Database}
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sb120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Edit Box}: Enter the full or relative path of an existing Access database file to which you want to connect.  Leave blank to browse for file.  Specify a new name to create a database file.
\par \pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar {\b Connect Button}
:  If you specify a path in the edit box, then pressing this button opens the specified file or displays a creation dialog it if it does not exist.  If you leave the edit box empty, then a dialog is displayed that lets you browse for an MDB file.  Once a 
successful connection is made, the Table and Query portions of the main dialog are enabled.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 {\ul Table}
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sb120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Combo Box}:  Either enter the name of a new or existing table by typing or select an existing table from the drop-down list.
\par \pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar {\b Fields Button}:  Press this button to view existing fields in a table and/or add new fields
\par {\b Indexes Button}:  For existing tables, press this button to view existing indexes and/or add new indexes to the table.  Not available for new tables until fields have been added.
\par {\b Delete Button}:  For existing tables, press this button to delete the table.  You are prompted for acceptance via a message box before the table is deleted.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 {\ul Query}
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sb120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Combo Box}: Either enter the name of a new or existing query by typing or select an existing query from the drop-down list.
\par \pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar {\b Definition Button}:  Press this button to view or modify the definition of an existing query or define a new query
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Buttons
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Done}: Press this button to exit the application.
\par {\b Help}: Press this button to see this help page.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul \page {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_ADD_DATABASE_DLG}}{\fs16  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}
 Database Definition Dialog}}{\fs16  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Database Definition Dialog}}{\fs16  }DAOTable Database Definition Dialog
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b\f2\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Controls
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Database Name Edit Box}: (Read-only){\b  } Reflects the name chosen in the main dialog.
\par {\b Encrypt Check Box}: Select whether to create the  database with encryption or not.
\par {\b Access Version Radio Button Group}: {\b  }Specify the version of database to create.  For peak efficiency, use Version 3.0.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Buttons
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Done}: Press this button to create the database. To exit the dialog without creating the database, simply close the dialog using the windows system menu.
\par {\b Help}: Press this button to see this help page.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul \page {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_ADD_TABLE_DLG}}{\fs16  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}
 Table Definition Dialog}} {\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Table Definition Dialog}} DAOTable Table Definition Dialog
\par \pard\plain \sb120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\i 
NOTE:  For existing fields, the majority of controls are read-only.  This need not indicate that the actual property is read-only, it merely indicates that no support for updating properties in existing tabledef objects is provided in this application.  R
efer to the MFC DAO class and DAO SDK documentation for details on property updatability.}
\par \pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar {\b 
\par Table Name Edit Box}:  (Read-Only) Edit box that displays the table name specified in DAOTable main dialog
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Field Information
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Position Edit Box/Spin Control}
:  Enter the desired ordinal position of the current field.  While this value automatically increments for each new field, it is acceptable to have fields share the same ordinal position.  Note: When  using DAOTable\rquote 
s Previous and Next buttons to move through the collection, you will notice that the field collection does not appear to be ordered by ordinal position.  However
, the ordinal position does have an effect that is consistent with the documented behavior of this property--for instance, the ordinal position determines the order of columns returned by SQL statements such as \ldblquote Select * from table_name.
\rdblquote 
\par {\b Name Edit Box}: The name for the field
\par {\b Type Combo Box}:  Select one of the predefined data types for the field
\par {\b Size Edit Box}:  For fixed size fields, this edit box is read-only.  For variable size fields, you can specify a field size using this edit box.
\par {\b Default Value}:  Enter a default value for the field
\par {\b Required Check Box}:  Check if you want NULL to be unacceptable as a value for this field
\par \pard \nowidctlpar {\b Attributes}
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li1440\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b dbFixedField Radio Button}:  Mutually exclusive with dbVariableField Radio Button\emdash 
only user settable for text fields, otherwise reflects the nature of the type you select.  For text fields, select this button if you want to store the field in a fixed-sized data block
\par {\b dbVariableField Radio Button}:  Mutually exclusive with dbFixedField Radio Button\emdash only user settable for text 
fields, otherwise reflects the nature of the type you select.  For text fields, select this button if you want the storage allocation of the text to vary with content.
\par {\b dbAutoIncrField Check Box}:  For type Long fields only\emdash check if you want the field to be an autoincrementing counter
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Validation
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Validation Rule}:  Enter a rule by which values are checked for validity when they are specified  for this field.  (e.g. \ldblquote between 10 and 100\rdblquote  for a numeric field type)
\par {\b Validation Text}:  Enter the message that will be displayed if a value is specified for this field which breaks the validation rule.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Buttons
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Done}
: This button is disabled until a field has been added to the table.  To exit the dialog if the Done button is disabled, simply close the dialog using the windows system menu.  If you have entered a field name for a new field and have not added the field 
and you press Done, you will be warned that new field information will be lost if you continue.
\par {\b Help}: Press this button to see this help page.
\par {\b Previous, Next}: Use these buttons to move through the field collection
\par {\b Add}: Press this button to add the field whose properties and attributes you have just specified to the tabledef.
\par {\b Delete}: Press this button to delete the current field--only valid if the field exists in the collection (i.e. deletes nothing if the field has not yet been added). You are prompted for acceptance via a message box before the field is deleted.
\par 
\par {\b\i 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul Implementation Note:
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar 
\par {\i Since a tabledef can not be appended to the tabledef collection of a database object without at least one field having been created in the tabledef, the following steps are performed when the user adds the first field:
\par 1) Create the tabledef
\par 2) Create the field with the specified properties (this automatically appends it to the tabledef\rquote s fields collection
\par 3) Append the tabledef to the tabledef collection of the database
\par As a result, if an invalid name is specified for a table, the exception which indicates this situation is not thrown until the first field is added.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul \page {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_ADD_INDEX_DLG}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} Add Indexes Dialog}}{\fs16  }{
\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Add Indexes Dialog}}{\fs16  }DAOTable Add Indexes Dialog
\par \pard\plain \sb120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\i 
NOTE:  For existing indexes, the majority of controls are read-only.  This need not indicate that the actual property is read-only, it merely indicates that no support for updating properties in existing tabledef objects is provided in this application.  
Refer to the MFC DAO class and DAO SDK documentation for details on property updatability.}
\par \pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar {\b 
\par Table Name Edit Box}:  (Read-Only) Edit box that displays the table name specified in DAOTable main dialog
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Index
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Index Name Edit Box}:  Enter the name of the index you want to create
\par {\b Check Boxes}:  Check the boxes that set the desired properties of this index\emdash 
be aware that not all combinations of options are supported. (e.g. you can not specify a non-unique primary index).  Also, with certain selections made, other selections can become don\rquote t-car
es and need not reflect the appropriate values.  Please refer to the DAO documentation on index properties for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Fields in Index
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b List Control}
: (Multiple Selection) Select one or more field from the list.  To select an item, click the left mouse button with the mouse positioned over the name of the field.  Fields whose type does not support indexing are not displayed.  You can press the left mo
use button on the name of an item in the list control to select the field with ascending sort, press again to select the field with descending sort, and press again to deselect the field.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Buttons
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Done}: If you have entered an index name for a new index and have not added it and you press Done, you will be warned that new index information will be lost if you continue.
\par {\b Help}: Press this button to see this help page.
\par {\b Previous, Next}: Use these buttons to move through the index collection
\par {\b Add}: Press this button to add the index whose properties you have just specified to the tabledef.
\par {\b Delete}: Press this button to delete the current index--only valid if the index exists in the collection (i.e. deletes nothing if the index has not yet been added). You are prompted for acceptance via a message box before the index is deleted.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul \page {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_ADD_QUERYDEF_DLG}}{\fs16  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}
 Query Definition Dialog}}{\fs16  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Query Definition Dialog}}{\fs16  }DAOTable Query Definition Dialog
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Controls
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Query Name Edit Box}:  Modify the name of the query by making changes in this edit box
\par {\b Updatable Check Box}:  (Read-Only){\b   }Indicates whether the view created by the query is updatable or read-only
\par {\b SQL Statement Edit Box}:  (Multiline){\b   }Specify the SQL statement that the query will execute in this edit control.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 Buttons
\par \pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b Done}
: If you have entered or modified the SQL statement for the current query and have not selected Add or Modify and you press Done, you will be warned that the new or modified information will be lost if you continue.
\par {\b Help}: Press this button to see this help page.
\par {\b Modify}: Use this button to transfer modifications of the SQL statement or query name to the existing query object.  If the current query has not been added, pressing Modify performs no operation and displays a warning dialog.
\par {\b Add}: Press this button to add the query whose properties you have just specified to the tabledef.
\par {\b Delete}: Press this button to delete the current query--only valid if the query exists in the collection (i.e. deletes nothing if the query has not yet been added). You are prompted for acceptance via a message box before the query is deleted.
\par 
\par }